Update esp32_dac.rst (#4552)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/output/esp32_dac.rst

Configuration variables:
------------------------

> - **pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): The pin to use DAC on. On ESP32 S2 pins 17 and 18. On any other ESP32 pins 25 and 26.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): The pin to use DAC on. See above for valid pin numbers.
```
